To those who call it home, it feels like Drakengard must have existed forever. Eternity feels a short time for any place to accumulate so many stories, so much wealth, such entrenched struggle, and such ever present squalor. And yet there was a time when the coastline of Drakengard held not a single building, nor a column of smoke on the horizon, saw neither murder nor profit. This is not that time, my friends, but an age of shifting sands and growing strife.  
  
Nobody can say for certain when the humans of Iyix turned from a few shacks serving local fishermen into the mining town called Scarwood Keep. By the time the great conflict came knocking, the town and those about the continent were already thriving.They were teeming with citizens from all corners of Arac, all giving their labor and lives to the economic lifeblood that kept the town running. People came in search of better lives. Some of them found one, while most did not.

Deep in the heart of Drakengard lies a crater larger than any known lake. Was it a celestial object that crashed down on Arac, or a dormant volcano slumbering in a fathomless sleep? For centuries, the locals believed this to be a holy sight. One that should remain untouched. That changed when Iyix began colonizing and exploring the continent of Drakengard. Then the digging began…

What was discovered was something that would change the face of Drakengard forever. Deep within the ground of the massive crater, the fossilized remains of an ancient dragon lie. Its crystalized blood retained much of its arcane potency. With this newly found resource, the civilizations here used this dragon blood as a catalyst to further their societies. This blossomed into new and emerging technology. The burning of this fuel, illuminated streets, and sparked the creativity in many. 

It didn’t take long for this powder keg to light. Labor is cheap and dangerous. The mining of this precious powder took a toll on those too weak to push back against the rising tide of industrialism. Tribes and villages once separated by great swaths of land were now working side by side. No one knows who struck first, but war came to Drakengard. What happens to a continent when half the people are dying, and the other half can’t find work because there are not enough healthy people to buy anything? They begin to starve. They begin to riot. They rise up from their oppressors and forge a new destiny. 

For this is where your story begins. Smack dab in the middle of two warring factions. A fight for the very soul of Drakengard. What will your legacy be?